#labels Featured,Phase-Deploy
#instruct how to use RuijieClient

==view help of RuijieClient==

Input the command below in terminal
{{{
ruijieclient --help
}}}
From the terminal, we could see the context of help
{{{
-D		DO NOT fork as a daemon
    --daemon	run as a daemon(default)
    --dhcpmode	dhcpmode, by default is 0
		0: disable
		1: DHCP before auth
		2: DHCP after auth
                3: dhcp-authenticate and re-authenticate after DHCP
-f, --config	specify alternative config file
-g		generate a sample configuration automatically
-k, --kill	kill all RuijieClient daemon
-n, --nic	specify an identifier of net adapter
    --noconfig	do not read config from file
-p, --passwd	specify password
    --pinghost	the host to be pinged(by default is your default gateway).
		RuijieClient uses this to detect network state
    --try	Try number of times of reconnection,-1 = infinite
-u, --user	specify user name
-v, --version	show the version of RuijieClient
}}}
==Samples==
  * generate a configuration template
{{{
sudo ruijieclient -g
}}}
  the file will be generated as '/etc/ruijie.conf'
  * How can I run it in a non-daemon way? Thus, I could leave a window of terminal opened so as to control it directly.
{{{
sudo ruijieclient -D
}}}
  * how to log-off？
   * in case that it's run as a daemon
{{{
sudo ruijieclient -k
}}}
   or you can directly send a signal SIGINT(3) to the process.
   * otherwise
   you can press ctrl+c though keyboard or send a signal SIGINT(3) as the same.
  * pass parameters which include user name and password to authenticate
{{{
sudo ruijieclient -u name -p 1234
}}}
  * pass parameters which include user name and password to authenticate on the prerequisite that the program does not read configuration from file.
  compared with the above mentioned, in this case, the other parameters will be defined by *internal values* instead of *being obtained from file* the way the above case does.
{{{
sudo ruijieclient --noconfig -u name -p 1234
}}}
  * use your custom configuration file by providing the file path
{{{
sudo ruijieclient -f /home/pretty_gril/ruijie.conf
}}}
  * use other net adapter to authenticate (e.g. eth1)
{{{
sudo ruijieclient -n eth1
}}}
  * use specified host address to detect connectivity of network instead of use default gateway by default (e.g. 4.2.2.2 a DNS server in U.S.A.)
  _because of the gateway can be pinged successfully although the authentication has not been done._
{{{
sudo ruijieclient --pinghost 4.2.2.2
}}}
  * to authenticate by the way that perform retrieving network configuration by DHCP after authenticating
{{{
sudo ruijieclient --dhcpmode 2
}}}
  * define the number of network detecting times. Once it exceeds the time provided, the procedure of quit will be triggered.
{{{
sudo ruijieclient --try 3
}}}